hello I'm Kadri and today I'm going to
tell you how to make a cashew kale
smoothie many times when people want to
make a green smoothie they think that
they have to have a high speed blender
to break down those fibrous walls but
actually with a few tricks even a person
who has just an ordinary blender can
make their green smoothie dreams come
true speaking of dreams it's always been
a dream of mine to have a certain
special guest in the show and today that
dream was coming true I you might be
familiar with him but if not I can't
wait for you to meet him his name well
let him introduce himself well golf it
is a real treat to have you on the show
it's something that I've thought about
for many years and I'm sure all of you
out there probably longtime fans of gold
longtime fan first time having you on
the show I think that you're going to
love this cashew kale smoothie because
it's super filling it's like great for
breakfast it's great for a mid-afternoon
snack and I know you you got a big
appetite you may not have always been a
fan of kale but actually it's very
nutrient-dense it has vitamins a c k
it's high in iron and calcium and it
says folate it's just it's really good
for you oh well yeah yeah some people
think it's better in it it can take a
little bit of good use to but not in a
smoothie because actually it's so sweet
from having frozen bananas and also
creamy cashews and this full-bodied
quality from ground flaxseed that all of
that bitterness kind of floats away and
golf in your honor I instead of using
curly kale which is what I typically use
for this smoothie i'm going to use
closet auto Gail
you know dinosaur kale yeah so so it's
gonna be really good yeah you're gonna
like it okay well Gulf are you ready to
get started so the first thing that
we'll have to do is freeze chunks of
bananas now it's really important that
you don't skip this step because frozen
bananas give a smoothie such a nice
creamy full quality that's almost
reminiscent of ice cream well non-dairy
of course so first I like to peel the
banana and then put it into chunks of
five that way if later on I only want
one frozen banana or two or however many
then I know for each group of five that
I have one banana so here we go one two
three four five and then just go ahead
and cover these and pop them in the
freezer let them get nice and frozen so
the key to making a really smooth
smoothie and an on high speed blender is
blending the greens first otherwise when
you're drinking it if you try to blend
it all at once you're going to have
chunks of kale or collard in the
smoothie with you and that's just not
nearly as appetizing so first things
first we'll put in four leaves of kale
at the end you want to have about three
and a half or four cups of greens which
generally is about four or five leaves
you won't need to put the stems into the
smoothie you can go ahead and juice
those or compost them next we'll put in
three quarter cup of non-dairy milk my
favorite for this is vanilla soymilk but
you could also use rice or almond or oat
or even water is just fine
and then we let this blend
you'll need to stop it occasionally and
stir and just help the blender out next
we're going to blend cashews and black
seeds gold maybe you can help with this
gulp here I have a heaping third cup of
raw cashews and two tablespoons of whole
flaxseed would you mind smashing them
for me oh thanks oh thank you so in case
you're not friends with a dinosaur to
help you out with that step here's what
else you can do you can use a coffee
grinder just take your bra cashews put
those in and two tablespoons of flaxseed
and grind them and tell they're like a
flower
now we'll just put those in oh and if
you don't have access to a coffee
grinder or a dinosaur you can just soak
the rock ashes for about 8 to 12 hours
until they're soft put them directly in
the blender and then buy ground flaxseed
use that instead so I have my bananas
that are fully frozen in chunks and I'll
add in those three frozen bananas into
the smoothie add the top so at this
point it's nice and creamy and fully
blended and then I like to add in six
ice cubes or a little icy crunch
drink of gold wow he really likes it all
right well a big thank you to my big
friend gulp and I hope to see you all
back here again soon at Qadri's kitchen
thanks